
Power rails are: Vdd top, GND bottom. For now, I won't use alternating single rails and flipped cells, to simplify
things.

Based on the routing considerations, cell sizes are multiples of 7 and routing ports are placed at 7-aligned positions.

Cell height is, for now, fixed to 140.

TODO how important are side connectors?
- Side connectors are not the usual connection mechanism, but they can be useful. Normally, two cells connected by
    side connectors should be merged into a single cell because they compute a function together and are way more
    efficient when merged. Exceptions:
    - Combining two gates (especially if the first one is an inverter) and the second gate takes its second input
        from elsewhere, in a non-critical and non-recurring path. The effort to create a merged cell isn't worth it.
            --> could this be simplified?
    - Combining the last logic stage and the DFF behind it, or the DFF and the first logic stage.
- It is rare to have a cell with more than one side connector; all of the above examples need only a single side
    connector. Especially those cells that *could* take more than one side input layout-wise, e.g. NAND/NOR, have
    least use for them. The case of more than one side input should definitely be handled by building a merged and
    customized cell.

For v1, I won't use side ports, to simplify things. I want to know first how crowded the lowest routing layer (metal2)
actually is without side ports, and whether side ports would fix that.

Regarding ports that still have placement freedom: In simple gates, e.g. INV or NAND, there is some freedom in where
the ports are placed. Placement affects routing and can cause unnessecarily long tracks to connect to those ports,
i.e. unwanted extra capacitance. One might think that the editor should allow to express that freedom directly and
create "meta-cells" that only become concrete cells during the routing stage. HOWEVER, this problem affects only the
most simple cells; anything slightly complex has little such freedom. So we might as well solve the problem either
by building multiple versions of the simple cells, or use meta-cells and a generator while building the library, but
either way keep the problem out of the routing phase. In any case we should avoid premature optimization, as always.



